The object of Blackjack is to accumulate cards until the sum of card values is closer to 21 than that of the dealer,
without exceeding 21. Numbered cards are worth their face-value; Jacks, Queens, and Kings are worth 10;
Aces are worth 1 or 11 decided by the player.  

Blackjack is played in hands -  rounds of the game where win/loss is evaluated before beginning again.
Bets are made before each hand. A hand won returns the player's bet plus an additional value of that bet.
A hand lost consumes the player's bet, which is gained by the house.
In the case of a tie (push), where the dealer and player sums of cards are equal, the player's bet is simply returned.
If the player's sum of cards is 21 from their first two cards (a natural Blackjack),
and the dealer does not also have a natural Blackjack, the player is rewarded a multiplier on their bet (e.g. $\frac{3}{2}=1.5$, or $\frac{6}{5}=1.2$)

A hand begins by dealing one card to each of the players, then the dealer, until each player has two cards.
Only the first card of the dealer is revealed to the player (upcard), generating the element of chance.
One at a time, each player is faced with a decision.
A player may choose to Hit, requesting that another card be dealt in attempt to increase their sum.
A player may Hit any number of times as desired, until the card sum of 21 is exceeded and the player loses (bust).
A player may choose to Stand, confident that their sum will beat that of the dealer.
A player may choose to Double-Down, doubling the value of their original bet and committing to a single Hit.
A player may choose to Split if their hand contains cards of duplicate value. The two cards will be split into separate sets,
and each set will be Hit for a minimum of two cards. The decision process then proceeds independently for each set.
If a player busts (sum > 21), that player loses regardless of the dealer's future reveal.
In some sets of rules, a player may also choose to Surrender. This allows the player to immediately recover half of their bet
without having to risk a full loss.

While each player is left with a decision, the dealer must always Hit when his/her card total <16 and Stand when $\geq$ 17
After each player concludes their actions, the dealer reveals their second card (downcard) and Hits until their minimum total is reached.
If the dealer busts and a player hasn't, the player wins. If neither busts, a player wins if closer to 21 and loses if not.
After each player's set(s) of cards have been resolved, all cards are collected and returned to a discard pile.